KBaseFBAModeling
Flux balance modeling service. Deploys both the client and service
codes.


assembly
An extensible framework for genome assembly.


auth
authentication services for kbase


genome_annotation
The genome annotation service provides automated gene annotation
based on the RAST system. This deploys both client and service
components.


handle_service
An application programming interface for managing files. This service
provides an AbstractHandle that can be used to reference data in
different stores. This deploys both the client and service.


idserver
The KBase ID service provides access to the mappings between KBase
identifiers and external identifiers (the original identifiers for
data that was migrated from other databases into KBase). This deploys
both the client and service.


invocation
The invocation service provides remote invocation of commands. A
java script browser client for interactive remote invocation (IRIS)
is included. This deploys  the client, service and javascript web
application.


jars


kb_seed
The kb_seed module contains an import of a large body of code from
the SEED project. These imports are performed on a periodic basis
as new features developed on the SEED side are required in the KBase
codebase. This deploys both client and service libraries.


kbapi_common


kmer_annotation_figfam


simple_fba
Simple wrappers around fba tools.


strep_repeats
Detects Streptococcus repeats in genome sequences.


typecomp
The KBase Type Compiler consumes a type-document and produces a
server and implementation libraries in one languages and client
libraries in multiple supported languages.


user_and_job_state


workspace_deluxe
The Workspace Service (WSS) is primarily a language independent
remote storage and retrieval system for KBase typed objects (TO)
defined with the KBase Interface Description Language (KIDL).


workspace_service
This is the repository for managing the workspace service. The
workspace represents a scientific team's data as a collection of
objects with a standard set of permissions over all objects within
a workspace. The workspace also implements revert and restore
functionality on each object in a workspace.


dev_container
This repository is a container for developing and deploying KBase
modules. To use this, you must already have a "runtime" directory,
which contains the neccesary binaries and libraries. For an idea
of what is expected to be in this runtime, consult the [bootstrap
repository](https://git.kbase.us/bootstrap.git/).


kb_model_seed
This repository contains wrapper code to integrate the ModelSEED
Perl libraries into KBase.


probabilistic_annotation


shock_service
Enables deployment of shock server and clients within the kbase
release environment


handle_mngr
Provides user access capabilities to handles.


auth_service


